The Matsunaka Minato who is known to horse racing fans as a full score of 9 and his prediction is sometimes precisely and sometimes boldly
So far, through the media we have been showing off a bright bane
Hmm
For such Matsunaka chrysanthemum Mr. expected that started the illuminance of style and quality is
Mischievous and favorite game
We talked about derby owners club
Hello Matsunaka is South Nowadays
It is called a million ticket queen, but it was about 3 years ago when I originally started to race, I am quite a minute
If you start thinking that you love the data but maybe you're racing
Suddenly, it says a universal ticket in three consecutive units
It was fitted with themselves in horse racing from there regarding
Such a brother who is the type of what he is like
I will never decide my favorite horse in that active horse , I will also decide my favorite jockey
If you don't, you don't decide which horse you like and it's serious to rely on it, and the machine gun is fast
If you can paste it, it's still a shame .
In such the
It is also like you were Wow retired
It's an orf
But it was a year that I night view took the ol Fevuru is the triple crown in the year began
My relatives have now won three crowns at Softbank Hawks, but a player named Nobuhiko Matsunaka
But still there is a feeling that it is ugly and ugly in the words of the head and the three crowns
But
Because say Datte got a the Tteyuu 3 Crown horse in racing
It is gone sprung softening sense of closeness is also why in Volume 3 ties
Mr. Matsunaka looks at horses seriously in the paddock
The style of anticipation is
From at any time how much of the page I pretty you look in the deployment which the horse escapes
Whether the front will remain
Do you receive a delivery?
That rise
I will firmly see the time, etc. will be reflected in this race
If you speak here , would you understand that I love horse racing ?
The love of the race I used to have in this kind of barbie was auctioning all day long
When it was stressed out
It is this Derby owner's club
This Daviona is already great deployment is real and incredibly strong t is high
you know
Dattari page to say Na's disadvantageous to the outside of the tree and Eva bonus
Hey set is a game in're me to reproduce as it is the US magazine also a real race Te Kimaruza'
While
It is only to admire and admire
The rest of the racetracks are so real too
If you wait too long and entered the Zhongshan Toka inside another would be trapped in the feeling endure to over Sea
My love is to be driven in , as the straight line in Tokyo is long
Race in the very mood exhilarating feeling became my jockey because I can be reproduced word
Aiba of child 1 which I said that I can say that is so that I can say is Afu of 1 prefecture
The horse I Is Musuggoi I do that harp star like a in intense suppression
Because both her father and mother have issued this pedigree
So I think that I have already made a flight and got the strongest mare for Gen Til Donna .
Well then it 's a good start
At first we select super class higher according to Aiba 's landing room from training
Wood chipper sea
It seems to fit up a lot of slopes
Open
Great perfection
Then I will continue to feed
I'm giving it to you
I There is a great species not is if there is the trust and status by giving 0 difference
Well Blue Qi work
It's delicious that you eat at a great pace .
I like it
Will run together
Chopper light's AC Qi faction from Buber it so
Also come on the type mood to say standing
Gucci moth
Manken left a win
hanan
par
How this strong man Ken Minami is
derby owners club special race commemorating the 15th anniversary
I challenge to
The opponent is Mr. Kenta Ohashi, Captain, Mr. Watanabe, Mr. Yoshito Yoshii
Rokukan Nana and the net system is
The elite people that the editorial department sends
Well, if you are this member, you will be encouraged by Seeser
Is it okay?
It may be too much to say
I want you to win the southern province of Man
So please support everyone well
I'm Matsunaka Minami I was a bad boy
me N
me